# fyp1-Iteration1
In Pakistan, and other third world countries,   there are huge problems for farmers. Farmers work very hard in harvesting their product but when it comes to selling their product to businesses they are treated as secondary labor, the farmers are the owners of their product but their selling price and profit is all dependent on corrupt and biased third parties (Artia) in the marketplace. These third parties have full control and monopoly over the farmers' products. This monopoly creates uncontrollable inflation when these third parties hold the product on purpose or don’t sell the product forward creating problems for the government as well.   The farmer market place (mandee) also has huge problems that have been going on since the beginning and no technological advancements or products have been developed to cater these problems. The farmer has to do all the work, and the most benefit goes to the third parties(Artia). The farmer has to go early in the morning, bearing all transportation costs, to the marketplace (mandee). The farmers have to reach before 6 am early in the morning to get in contact with the third parties, sometimes the farmers have to go all the way back without selling their products, resulting in waste of their harvest. The farmer's product is connected with consumers(businesses) through third parties, the businesses then bid to buy the product with no involvement of farmers.   The image classification and blockchain aims to add complete trust between both parties. The smart contract will work as the third party with no outside involvement. Once a transaction has taken place it will always remain in the blockchain, no outside party not even de-mandee can manipulate the business process.
